gephi1.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: "Gephi Part 1: Introduction to Network Visualizations"
nav_order: 2023.09281330
---

<img src="assets/img/Gephi1.png" alt="Workshop Title Slide" width="100%">

# Gephi Part 1: Introduction to Network Visualizations

Learn to graph data and visualize networks at this virtual workshop on Gephi. Participants will learn how graph data can help express relationships between entities and visualize networks for Humanities scholars. The group will use a visualization tool intended for social network analysis to map and identify relationships.

## Workshop Preparation 

Participants may download [Gephi](https://gephi.org/) ahead of time, though there will be time during the workshop to download the program as well.

## Facilitator Bio

Subhanya Sivajothy (she/her) brings a background of research in data justice, science and technology studies, and environmental humanities. She is currently thinking through participatory data design which allow for visualizations that are empowering for the end user. She also has experience in Research Data Management—particularly data cleaning and curation. Do not hesitate to reach out to her if you would like to talk more about data analysis and visualization as they evolve throughout the research process.
  
## Workshop Recording

<iframe height="416" width="100%" allowfullscreen frameborder=0 src="https://echo360.ca/media/6644f7a5-0fda-4cc2-b6fe-7563b5c07eab/public"></iframe>
[View original here.](https://echo360.ca/media/6644f7a5-0fda-4cc2-b6fe-7563b5c07eab/public)

## Links and Resources 

- Gephi: <https://gephi.org/>

Commit message:

redirect gephi to new site

gephi1.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: "Gephi Part 1: Introduction to Network Visualizations"
nav_order: 2023.09281330
---

<img src="assets/img/Gephi1.png" alt="Workshop Title Slide" width="100%">

# Gephi Part 1: Introduction to Network Visualizations

Learn to graph data and visualize networks at this virtual workshop on Gephi. Participants will learn how graph data can help express relationships between entities and visualize networks for Humanities scholars. The group will use a visualization tool intended for social network analysis to map and identify relationships.

**The materials for this workshop are available here:** <https://scds.github.io/intro-gephi/>

<!-- ## Workshop Preparation 

Participants may download [Gephi](https://gephi.org/) ahead of time, though there will be time during the workshop to download the program as well.

## Facilitator Bio

Subhanya Sivajothy (she/her) brings a background of research in data justice, science and technology studies, and environmental humanities. She is currently thinking through participatory data design which allow for visualizations that are empowering for the end user. She also has experience in Research Data Management—particularly data cleaning and curation. Do not hesitate to reach out to her if you would like to talk more about data analysis and visualization as they evolve throughout the research process.
  
## Workshop Recording

<iframe height="416" width="100%" allowfullscreen frameborder=0 src="https://echo360.ca/media/6644f7a5-0fda-4cc2-b6fe-7563b5c07eab/public"></iframe>
[View original here.](https://echo360.ca/media/6644f7a5-0fda-4cc2-b6fe-7563b5c07eab/public)

## Links and Resources 

- Gephi: <https://gephi.org/> -->
